Add prodigal (new attempt) (#59)
nf-core/funcscan: docs/output.md

```bash
outdir/
├── antismash/

> ├── prodigal/

Reviewer: Please put in alphabetiocal order like the rest

Antimicrobial Peptides (AMPs) and peptide annotation:

- [Prokka](#prokka) - (optional: alternative to prodigal) open reading frame and functional protein annotation

> - [Prodigal](#prodigal) - for open reading frame annotation

Reviewer: Makes sense this goes before Prokka, if prodigal is the alternative

Antimicrobial Peptides (AMPs) and peptide annotation:

> - [Prokka](#prokka) - (default) open reading frame and functional protein annotation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Prokka](#prokka) - (optional: alternative to prodigal) open reading frame and functional protein annotation
```

> - [Prodigal](#prodigal) - (optional: replaces prokka) for open reading frame annotation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Prodigal](#prodigal) - for open reading frame annotation
```
